if you have a toilet that's completely
clogged and you try plunging and that's
not effective what you need is a toilet
auger and you can pick this up at any
tool rental place and I'll go over the
steps on how to use it so this one I
picked up now this is a heavy-duty one I
really like this because it has an
adjustable handle that'll actually push
it six feet up and in through the toilet
and into the main drain so the first
step is you want to pull out your rod
and we're going to and then you want to
set that rubber bottom into the bottom
of the toilet and that's gonna keep it
from scratching the porcelain and you
wouldn't want to use just a regular hand
auger because you'll actually scratch
the porcelain and then you're going to
start pushing down on the rod until it
comes in contact with something and now
it is and now we're just gonna start
pushing and turning and looking the rod
pounds up into the toilets and true and
this is either gonna break use and push
through whatever the clog is in some
cases you're actually going to catch
something and pull it back out now this
one's really neat because we can
actually push in this little pin here
and we can extend the handle and lock it
so that we can push it an additional
distance down into the main drain so
just a very unique rod it's super
effective and so at this point it work
the students break loose everything
drain
and so now once we've routed it there
we're just going to pull it back up so
in this case I'm going to pull it here
I'm going to depress this pin push this
up into the handle and lock it and I
will pull this entirely up and then
remove it so you want to have a bucket
or a pan underneath this when you pull
it out of the toilet you have a bad
toilet clog an effective tool is this
toilet auger and you can pick this up at
any tool rental place and if you're in
the Chicago area where I go is Jack's
rental and I'll put their information
underneath the video